chore: update session docs (#448)
litestar-org/advanced-alchemy: docs/usage/frameworks/litestar.rst

        plugins=[alchemy],
    )

Sessions in Application
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can use either ``provide_session`` or ``get_session`` to get session instances in your application. This is useful for components that need to access the session outside of a controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use either ``provide_session`` or ``get_session`` to get session instances in your application. Each of these functions are useful for providing sessions in various places within your application, whether you are in the request/response scope or not.
```

> - ``provide_session`` provides a session instance from request state if it exists, or creates a new session if it doesn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``provide_session`` provides a session instance from request state if it exists, or creates a new session if it doesn't, while `get_session` always returns a new instance from the session maker.

`provide_session` is useful in places where you are already in the request/response context such as guards and middleware.
`get_session` is useful anywhere outside of the request lifecycle in your application.  This includes command line tasks and background jobs.

```

    sqlalchemy_config = SQLAlchemyAsyncConfig(
        connection_string="sqlite+aiosqlite:///test.sqlite",
        before_send_handler="autocommit",
        session_config=session_config,
        create_all=True,
    )
    alchemy = SQLAlchemyPlugin(config=sqlalchemy_config)

    async def background_task(_: Context) -> None:
        async with sqlalchemy_config.get_session() as db_session:
            # Access the database session here.
            pass

    saq = SAQPlugin(
        config=SAQConfig(
            web_enabled=True,
            use_server_lifespan=True,
            queue_configs=[
                QueueConfig(
                    dsn="redis://localhost:6397/0",
                    name="process_background_tasks",
                    scheduled_tasks=[
                        CronJob(
                            function=background_task,
                            cron="* * * * *",
                            timeout=600,
                            ttl=2000,
                        ),
                    ],
                ),
            ],
        ),
    )

    @get("/")
    async def hello() -> str:

>         return "Hello, world!"

Reviewer: I don't think we should reference other plugins in our examples

Reviewer: Take a look at swapping this out with a CLI plugin example.  

Great work so far though!
